this episode let's go skate sivaji by
junkie monkeys calm somebody that's nice
cut looking good granny we got three
brandon's on oh my god really didn't
know Darrell Stan that's a billy trick
right there really Ford arresting what
you got let's see you there I knew he
was gonna talk shit to quit hating on my
fake ass tricks what happened did you
get a new car what'd you get a mazda3
where is it silver one the silver one
we're putting the fuckin tree branch the
great one over there far side oh yes if
it congratulations probably three all
over there yeah we got it how much you
sell your old one for an insult my
friends gonna buy for 25 i gave you 26
mmm sounds up so many as eight hey i was
driving to work the other day and i
pulled up to the stop light and then
fucking somebody runs up and i'm in
poway the someone runs up to my fucking
window and it's this fool like i'm in
poway he's like it would have been so
hard and it was him oh so surprising
that this will just feel like I just
turned around so I'm feeling of I'm like
oh really
ran over thanks dude why what's wrong my
heart so but say yo and get paid my car
broke nigga ever yeah he rolled it huh
you did it it look give look bad okay I
saw your foot underneath her nose they
like ran it over yeah that's what I saw
mais must be lying to me mister it's hot
these let's go skate shirts got me
sweating product placement everybody
else is doing it oh yes please someone's
over here doesn't want to do it do you
really hate that trick no I did it the
other day know something don't ever hate
the tray for
oh damn he caught caught back Oh steak
see the damage report it stole and a
ball like it still skating like them
yeah yeah we guys still yeah look at the
background shot what's up baby clothes
let's try that one grind what's in the
box plays Nick my mill name's Christine
Oh dancing over is chilling it almost
some glass electric globe again you got
response burdock schedule winner here